README.md, before:

# 🚀 WarpAI Terminal - AI-Enhanced Super Terminal

> **The Ultimate AI-Powered Terminal Experience**  
> A next-generation terminal that combines the best of Warp Terminal with advanced AI capabilities, built with Tauri, Rust, and Vue.js.

## ✨ Features

### 🧠 **AI-Powered Core**
- **Contextual AI Assistant**: Understands your terminal session, command history, and current directory
- **Intelligent Command Completion**: AI suggests commands based on your workflow patterns
- **Error Analysis & Fixing**: Automatically explains errors and suggests fixes
- **Code Generation**: Generate scripts, configs, and code snippets on demand
- **Repository Intelligence**: Analyze entire codebases with AI (inspired by repomix)

### 🎯 **Warp-Like Modern UI**
- **Blocks-Based Output**: Clean, structured command output blocks
- **Command Palette**: Quick access to AI functions and terminal operations
- **Modern Typography**: Beautiful, readable terminal interface
- **Customizable Themes**: Dark/light modes with AI-optimized color schemes
- **Split Panes**: Multiple terminal sessions with AI context sharing

### 🤖 **Advanced AI Integrations**
- **Local AI Models**: Privacy-first with local Ollama integration
- **Multi-Model Support**: CodeLlama, Qwen2.5-coder, Magicoder, and more
- **Agent-to-Agent Communication**: AI agents that can collaborate
- **Intelligent Search**: AI-powered command and file search
- **Documentation Generation**: Auto-generate docs from codebases

### 🔧 **Developer Productivity**
- **Git Integration**: AI-powered git workflows and commit messages
- **Project Analysis**: Understand project structure and dependencies
- **Build System Intelligence**: AI helps with builds, tests, and deployments
- **Log Analysis**: AI interprets system logs and error messages
- **Performance Monitoring**: Real-time system metrics with AI insights

## 🏗️ Architecture

### **Frontend** (Vue.js 3 + TypeScript)
- Modern, responsive UI with Composition API
- Terminal emulator using xterm.js
- Real-time AI chat interface
- Command palette and shortcuts
- Customizable workspace layouts

### **Backend** (Rust + Tauri)
- High-performance terminal process management
- AI model integration with Ollama
- Secure command execution with safety filters
- File system operations and git integration
- Cross-platform desktop app framework

### **AI Layer**
- Local model hosting with Ollama
- Context-aware prompt engineering
- Command history analysis
- Code understanding and generation
- Multi-agent collaboration system

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ and npm
- Rust 1.70+
- Git
- Ollama (for AI features)

### Installation
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/wlfogle/warpai-terminal.git
cd warpai-terminal

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Install Rust dependencies
cargo install tauri-cli

# Start development server
npm run tauri dev
```

### AI Setup
```bash
# Install Ollama
curl -fsSL https://ollama.ai/install.sh | sh

# Pull recommended models
ollama pull codellama:7b
ollama pull qwen2.5-coder:7b
ollama pull magicoder:7b
```

## 🎯 Roadmap

### Phase 1: Core Terminal ✅
- [x] Terminal emulator with xterm.js
- [x] Basic Tauri app structure
- [x] Command execution and output handling
- [x] Modern UI with Vue 3

### Phase 2: AI Integration 🔄
- [ ] Ollama integration for local AI
- [ ] Context-aware AI assistant
- [ ] Command completion with AI
- [ ] Error analysis and suggestions

### Phase 3: Advanced Features 📋
- [ ] Repository analysis (repomix-style)
- [ ] Multi-agent AI collaboration
- [ ] Intelligent search and indexing
- [ ] Advanced git workflows

### Phase 4: Optimization & Polish 🎨
- [ ] Performance optimizations
- [ ] Custom themes and layouts
- [ ] Plugin system
- [ ] Cloud sync and sharing

## 💡 Inspiration & Integration

This project combines ideas from amazing projects in the AI/terminal space:
- **Warp Terminal**: Modern terminal UX and blocks-based output
- **Repomix**: Repository-to-AI context feeding
- **Charm Crush**: AI coding agents in terminal
- **LocalGPT**: Privacy-first local AI chat
- **Open Interpreter**: AI code execution capabilities

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Tauri team for the amazing desktop app framework
- Ollama for local AI model hosting
- xterm.js for terminal emulation
- Vue.js team for the reactive framework
- The entire open source community

---

**Made with ❤️ and 🤖 AI**

*The future of terminal computing is here.*

Commit message:

feat: Complete rebranding to NexusTerminal and critical fixes
🔗 REBRANDING TO NEXUSTERMINAL:
- Updated package.json with new name and branding
- Changed Tauri configuration to NexusTerminal
- Updated Cargo.toml with new repository information
- Rebranded all React components with NexusTerminal UI
- Updated README with comprehensive rebrand to 'Where AI meets the command line'
- Changed config directory to nexus-terminal

🛠️ CRITICAL BACKEND FIXES:
- Added missing window control commands (minimize_window, toggle_maximize, close_window)
- Implemented restart_ai_service command for AI service management
- Added close_terminal command (mapped to kill_terminal)
- Fixed backend/frontend command mismatches

🎨 UI/UX IMPROVEMENTS:
- Added missing terminal-scrollbar CSS class with proper styling
- Updated welcome message to reflect NexusTerminal branding
- Changed toolbar branding from WarpAI Terminal to NexusTerminal
- Updated loading screen text and app initialization

🏗️ ARCHITECTURE ENHANCEMENTS:
- All backend commands now properly exposed in invoke handler
- Fixed critical import/dependency issues
- Enhanced CSS with proper terminal styling
- Maintained compatibility with @xterm packages

This major update transforms the project into NexusTerminal with complete
backend functionality and fixes all critical issues identified in codebase analysis.

README.md, after:

# 🔗 NexusTerminal - Where AI Meets the Command Line

> **The Intelligent Terminal Experience**  
> A next-generation terminal that connects human intelligence, AI capabilities, and system power into one seamless experience. Built with Tauri, Rust, and React.

## ✨ Features

### 🧠 **AI-Powered Core**
- **Contextual AI Assistant**: Understands your terminal session, command history, and current directory
- **Intelligent Command Completion**: AI suggests commands based on your workflow patterns
- **Error Analysis & Fixing**: Automatically explains errors and suggests fixes
- **Code Generation**: Generate scripts, configs, and code snippets on demand
- **Repository Intelligence**: Analyze entire codebases with AI (inspired by repomix)

### 🎯 **Warp-Like Modern UI**
- **Blocks-Based Output**: Clean, structured command output blocks
- **Command Palette**: Quick access to AI functions and terminal operations
- **Modern Typography**: Beautiful, readable terminal interface
- **Customizable Themes**: Dark/light modes with AI-optimized color schemes
- **Split Panes**: Multiple terminal sessions with AI context sharing

### 🤖 **Advanced AI Integrations**
- **Local AI Models**: Privacy-first with local Ollama integration
- **Multi-Model Support**: CodeLlama, Qwen2.5-coder, Magicoder, and more
- **Agent-to-Agent Communication**: AI agents that can collaborate
- **Intelligent Search**: AI-powered command and file search
- **Documentation Generation**: Auto-generate docs from codebases

### 🔧 **Developer Productivity**
- **Git Integration**: AI-powered git workflows and commit messages
- **Project Analysis**: Understand project structure and dependencies
- **Build System Intelligence**: AI helps with builds, tests, and deployments
- **Log Analysis**: AI interprets system logs and error messages
- **Performance Monitoring**: Real-time system metrics with AI insights

## 🏗️ Architecture

### **Frontend** (React + TypeScript)
- Modern, responsive UI with React hooks
- Terminal emulator using xterm.js
- Real-time AI chat interface
- Command palette and shortcuts
- Customizable workspace layouts

### **Backend** (Rust + Tauri)
- High-performance terminal process management
- AI model integration with Ollama
- Secure command execution with safety filters
- File system operations and git integration
- Cross-platform desktop app framework

### **AI Layer**
- Local model hosting with Ollama
- Context-aware prompt engineering
- Command history analysis
- Code understanding and generation
- Multi-agent collaboration system

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ and npm
- Rust 1.70+
- Git
- Ollama (for AI features)

### Installation
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/wlfogle/nexus-terminal.git
cd nexus-terminal

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Install Rust dependencies
cargo install tauri-cli

# Start development server
npm run tauri dev
```

### AI Setup
```bash
# Install Ollama
curl -fsSL https://ollama.ai/install.sh | sh

# Pull recommended models
ollama pull codellama:7b
ollama pull qwen2.5-coder:7b
ollama pull magicoder:7b
```

## 🎯 Roadmap

### Phase 1: Core Terminal ✅
- [x] Terminal emulator with xterm.js
- [x] Basic Tauri app structure
- [x] Command execution and output handling
- [x] Modern UI with React

### Phase 2: AI Integration 🔄
- [ ] Ollama integration for local AI
- [ ] Context-aware AI assistant
- [ ] Command completion with AI
- [ ] Error analysis and suggestions

### Phase 3: Advanced Features 📋
- [ ] Repository analysis (repomix-style)
- [ ] Multi-agent AI collaboration
- [ ] Intelligent search and indexing
- [ ] Advanced git workflows

### Phase 4: Optimization & Polish 🎨
- [ ] Performance optimizations
- [ ] Custom themes and layouts
- [ ] Plugin system
- [ ] Cloud sync and sharing

## 💡 Inspiration & Integration

This project combines ideas from amazing projects in the AI/terminal space:
- **Warp Terminal**: Modern terminal UX and blocks-based output
- **Repomix**: Repository-to-AI context feeding
- **Charm Crush**: AI coding agents in terminal
- **LocalGPT**: Privacy-first local AI chat
- **Open Interpreter**: AI code execution capabilities

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines.

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Tauri team for the amazing desktop app framework
- Ollama for local AI model hosting
- xterm.js for terminal emulation
- React team for the reactive framework
- The entire open source community

---

**Made with ❤️ and 🤖 AI**

*The future of terminal computing is here.*
